# Mbed Cloud SDK for .Net

The Mbed Cloud SDK gives developers access to the full Mbed suite using .Net 4.5.

## Prerequisites

### Windows

.Net v4.5

### Mac/Linux

[Mono v5.2.0](http://www.mono-project.com/download/)

[Nuget v4.3.0](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/nuget/tools/nuget-exe-cli-reference)

## Installation

The application is installed using nuget:

    $ nuget install Mbed.Cloud.SDK
    
The Nuget package contains the RestSharp and Newtonsoft.Json packages required to run the SDK.

## Building

### Mac (Visual Studio Code)

Run msbuild at root of solution

    $ msbuild

## Running

### Mac (Visual Studio Code

The .exe generated by msbuild can be found in the bin/(debug/release)/<project-name>.exe of your project. This can be run with Mono.

    $ mono ${workspaceRoot}/MyProject/bin/Debug/MyProject.exe
    
## Api Keys

Before using the SDK, you need to obtain an API key for use with Mbed Cloud.

You can generate this through the Mbed Cloud management console.

## Building

### Mac (Visual Studio Code)

Run msbuild at root of solution

    $ msbuild

## Running

### Mac (Visual Studio Code

The .exe generated by msbuild can be found in the bin/(debug/release)/<project-name>.exe of your project. This can be run with Mono.

    $ mono ${workspaceRoot}/MyProject/bin/Debug/MyProject.exe

## Usage

1. Create config object. All Api classes require a config object on initalization. :

        using MbedCloudSDK.Common;

        var config = new Config(apiKey, "https://api.us-east-1.mbedcloud.com");

2. Import api and you are ready to go. This example prints out the first 10 registered devices to the console. 

        using MbedCloudSDK.Common;
        using MbedCloudSDK.Common.Query;
        using MbedCloudSDK.DeviceDirectory.Api;
        using System;

        var deviceApi = new DeviceDirectoryApi(config);
        var options = new QueryOptions();
        options.Limit = 10;
        var devices = deviceApi.ListDevices(options);
        foreach (var device in devices)
        {
            Console.WriteLine(device.ToString());
        }
